Group Members: Chase Condron, Karsyn Hutchinson, Ivory Scherphorn

Contributions:

    Chase Condron:
    "Was helpful in chat with questions"
        -Karsyn
    Karsyn Hutchinson:
    "I urge them to use arrays over our previous methods as it will reduce the amount of code needed to be written. But still, they had a good understanding of how
    program 2 and 3 works, and the outcome was the same, just with arrays it would've been less work."
        -Chase
    Ivory Scherphorn:
    "I felt that they handled Q3 well with making use of arrays."
        -Chase
    "I really liked the way they wrote q2 and it displayed a strong understanding of it"
        -Karsyn 

Problem 1:

(a)	Who was Alan Turing and what are some of his main contributions to computer science?

He was a British mathematician and reader in mathematics at the University of Manchestory and is credited to be the key founder of 
theoretical computer science and AI. He is most known for his work in World War II, working as a codebreaker against German naval cryptanalysis.

(b)	Turing Award has been awarded to computer scientists studying different aspects of computer science. 
What do you see are some of the main areas of computer science, and who are some of the Turing Award winners for these areas?

Some of the areas of computer science awarded are AI (Marvin Minsky), computer programming and compiler construction (Alan Perlis),
as well as automatic coding systems and error-detecting & correcting codes (Richard Hamming).

(c)	Of the different contributions by the different Turing Award winners, which one/(s) are you most fascinated by? What fascinates you about these?

I’m most fascinated by Donald Knuth as he has major contributions to “The Art of Computer Programming” and his contributions 
to analysis of algorithms and design of programming languages. I often forget the language and syntax of coding has to be
created before anyone can actually use these programs to code. It seems to be one of the first steps into human-interaction design as far as 
designing a program goes, which is something I’m interested in. The first one that really stuck out to me was Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the World Wide Web. 
Growing up in the 2000's, I was used to having the Internet at hand, but many many many of my family members were not, and I was always super interested in how someone 
just sat down, and created www, or designed the Internet.

Individual Comments:

    Chase Condron: I felt the programs were easy to understand, no struggles.
    Karsyn Hutchinson: q3 was a struggle for me, the way it was worded really threw me for a loop and it took me a few days before I fully understand what it was asking.
    Ivory Scherphorn:

Confidence Level:
    Chase Condron:
    Q2 - 10/10
    Q3 - 10/10
    Karsyn Hutchinson: 
    Q2 - 9/10
    Q3 - 8/10
    Ivory Scherphorn:
    Q2 - 
    Q3 -